OSDOCS-5987-nwt2:adds nwt and API server bugs (#66743)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-14-egress-ips-additional-networks"]
==== Support for egress IPs on additional network interfaces (Technology Preview)

> Support for egress IPs on additional network interfaces is now available as a Technology Preview feature. This feature provides {product-title} administrators with a greater level of control over networking aspects such as routing, addressing, segmentation, and security policies. It also provides users with the option to route workload traffic over specific network interfaces for purposes such as traffic segmentation or meeting specialized requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for egress IP addresses on additional network interfaces is now available as a Technology Preview feature. This feature provides {product-title} administrators with a greater level of control over networking aspects such as routing, addressing, segmentation, and security policies. It also provides users with the option to route workload traffic over specific network interfaces for purposes such as traffic segmentation or meeting specialized requirements.
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#i

Author: I'll grab this, but this was just eliminating the trailing whitespace.

* Previously, the Ingress Operator was leaving the "spec.internalTrafficPolicy", "spec.ipFamilies", and "spec.ipFamilyPolicy" fields unspecified for `NodePort` and `ClusterIP` type services. The API would then set default values for these fields, which the Ingress Operator would try to revert. With this update, the Ingress Operator specifies an initial value and fixes the error caused by API default values. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13190[*OCPBUGS-13190*])

> * Previously, transmission control protocol (TCP) connections were load balanced across all DNS. With this update, TCP connections are enabled to prefer local DNS endpoints. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-9985[*OCPBUGS-9985*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, transmission control protocol (TCP) connections were load balanced for all DNS. With this update, TCP connections are enabled to prefer local DNS endpoints. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-9985[*OCPBUGS-9985*])
``` 
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#a

Author: @tmalove good catch.
